[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
We've got a great
pram for you today.
Roger Burnley with us,
an intuitive life coach
and a trance channel with 36
years of incredible experience.
He equips people with
personalized tools
to unlock their inner
wisdom, and their
manifesting their goals.
His firm belief in the untapped
potential within people
fuels his incredible
mission to help
them create their dream lives.
That's an amazing
task that you do, Rog.
>>ROGER BURNLEY:
Thank you, George.
And it's one that I've actually
run from for a long time.
>>NOORY: Why?
>>BURNLEY: Because it was a
little unbelievable to me.
And so which was perfect for
me to be on "Beyond Belief"
because it was not something
that I set out to do.
The first part of my life,
I did so many other things.
I had many, many
different careers.
I was a vocal coach
for more than 35 years.
I had run businesses.
I did all of that.
But then it started
to come to the place
where I knew I was
receiving information
that was going to help--
help the collective, basically,
in terms of this transition
that we're moving
through in the world.
>>NOORY: I bet you've seen all
kinds of things in your career.
>>BURNLEY: Yes, tons.
I mean, I've-- working
with so many people--
and I was just really
thinking about this.
I've worked, you know, coached
thousands of people over a time.
But you start to understand
human nature a lot more.
You start to
understand behavior.
But then it took me into a whole
other thing, this intuitive
thing.
We're all intuitive and I,
you know, we just have it.
It just develops in different
ways for each of us.
Mine was a little
frightening in the beginning
because I ignored it.
And it wasn't until 1988
that I started to do--
I did automatic writing.
That's where it started.
Then I was receiving
information,
but I wasn't going
to tell anyone
because it was surprising
what was coming through.
And I spent about--
I kind of hid it for
20 years, and then it
got exposed at a certain
point because someone
found some of my writings.
I would sit down every day,
and receive information.
And it was helping me.
It helped me with coaching.
It helped me with performing
so many other things.
But it was so out
of the ordinary
that I wasn't going to
tell people about it.
And it was others who
started saying to me, Roger,
we think you have something
else you're supposed to do.
That's really how it happened.
>>NOORY: The automatic writing--
who were you channeling?
>>BURNLEY: The name--
OK, in '88, I'm
sitting down and making
a change in my life,
and I am freaked out.
I don't know what
I'm going to do.
And I happen to read an
article from some guy who
was talking about business.
And he said he started
doing automatic writing
and he received information
that helped his business.
I'm desperate.
So I said, OK, I'll do anything.
I had been meditating
for a while,
but I said, let
me try this thing.
And I'm sitting down and I said,
you know, let me have some paper
and pen and see what happens.
For the first several
days, nothing happened.
And then all of a sudden,
it felt like something
took over my hand--
>>NOORY: Clicked in--
>>BURNLEY: Yeah, and
I started writing.
And it was I'm having
this conversation.
And then when it
first came through,
I said, who's speaking to me?
And I heard very clearly,
this is another part of you.
It's your higher self.
But if that makes
you uncomfortable,
you can call us
whatever you like.
And I said, Wilhelm,
I have no idea.
At that time, I had no clue as
to why I would say that name.
I don't know anyone
with that name.
I'm not German.
I didn't know
where it came from.
And it wasn't revealed to me
until 30 years later about that.
Because it was saying
we have a connection.
We all do.
We come to find it out--
find out what that is as we move
through our lives, as we ascend.
But those connections, my
work became very specific.
It was about-- every single
soul has this evolutionary path
that they're on, and
there's not accidental
that when they
show up, they just
have to move through the
blockages and the resistance
and the limitations
that we all have.
So the work started to
come about saying we all
come into the world, we're not--
we don't come into the world
naked.
We come in with
consciousness, but it
comes from different places
and it's always limited.
So unless we decide
that we're going
to move through
those limitations
in our individual lives,
we don't live the lives
that we could have.
And that's a consciousness
that also develops over time.
You know, we know certain
things that we were able to do,
you know, 100 years ago.
We can do much easier
now because that's
the process of the
evolution that we
move through in
our consciousness,
but also in basically
in our world.
>>NOORY: We'll come back to that
name, Wilhelm, in just a moment.
Now, we talk about ascension.
What does that mean to you?
>>BURNLEY: It means
that we're moving
to a higher state of
understanding of consciousness.
We come into the world,
we're physical bodies,
but we have a spirit and
an essence that is always
within every single person.
But it's unique,
and it is different
for every single person.
But if we don't understand that
we're all doing the same thing,
then we start to
create conflict.
We start to create divisions.
And that's what was going on.
That's what's happening
in the world currently.
And so it just kind of went on.
From there, I kind
of sensed what
was happening over the years.
And it was in 2019 that I
decided to release a book.
Well, I was kind asked to do
it because I was resisting.
And I had a great
friend, Cam Kaminsky,
who did help me
get this book done.
It's called "Overcoming
Fear, a Guide to Freedom."
>>NOORY: I've heard of it.
>>BURNLEY: Yeah, because fear
is that thing that holds us back
from doing and making the steps
that we could make in our lives
to understand and actually
ascend to a higher
state of consciousness.
>>NOORY: It's that
fear of I can't do it.
>>BURNLEY: Exactly.
Yes.
And when you-- and I--
and I saw that so much
when I actually when I was
coaching voice-- when I
was doing that, I would see it.
So, I mean, people just couldn't
hold on to who they were.
And I even had someone who came
to me because her therapist had
referred her because they felt
some trauma must have happened
for you because you're
not able to speak,
and you're not using
your voice correctly.
Maybe voice lessons would help.
And so we did that,
and it actually it did.
She started to own
herself a little bit more
by owning her voice.
>>NOORY: That's incredible.
>>BURNLEY: It was pretty
amazing to me as well.
And I kept-- and
again, like I said,
I didn't understand
what was happening.
And when I wrote the book in
2019, when it was released,
I sensed something was
happening in the world.
I couldn't tell you
how I knew this,
but I can go back and see
that I had written things
that I had received
from Wilhelm that
were talking about
the events that
were happening in our world.
And I've seen-- you've had many
people on talking about 2012.
And I wasn't as familiar
as others with that.
But I'll just tell
you the story.
What happened in--
and this was 2021.
I'm out for a walk.
This is right
after the pandemic.
And I'm getting some exercise.
I go out for a walk.
I hear very clearly,
we gave you everything
you needed to know in 2012.
And that sounded--
>>NOORY: We handed it to you.
>>BURNLEY: That's what I heard--
was that we gave it to you.
Well, I wrote it down,
and I said that-- that
didn't make sense to me.
I come into my
house-- and I just
want people to have the story
because I come into my house,
I go to my computer and I
look and I find a folder
that I hadn't seen.
Now, I don't know if
it was a time where
I had an assistant that
made this folder, but--
>>NOORY: Tucked it away.
>>BURNLEY: Exactly.
And I never saw it.
And it was labeled
Wilhelm and I opened it.
And there are all these
messages from 2012.
The very first message was
titled infinite intelligence,
saying, we all have it.
We just have to decide that
we're going to access it.
And it's a process.
And that process
is our ascension.
That is what we each
do individually,
and we do it collectively.
And so when we refuse to move
through those restrictions
and the old things,
the old paradigms,
basically, then we have
difficulties in our lives.
And also we see it manifest
in our world, which
is what we're seeing now.
>>NOORY: Roger, do you think
it's easy for individuals
to discover their life purpose?
>>BURNLEY: Yes, I'm going
to say that because I want--
because I've seen it happen
and because what happens--
when I did this, I was
doubting all of this forever.
And so there were so many things
that I received at that time
because they also said that
we gave you information.
And we also did it
on specific days.
And then we also
gave you information
that would resonate
on someone's birthday.
If you meet someone and if
we've given you a message,
it will make sense for them.
I said that didn't
make sense either.
It says, yes, you're
all connected.
And so-- and I was just
receiving cosmic guidance
about--
I even received it about
you on your birthday
because I happened to
look it up last night.
>>NOORY: Yep, June 4th.
>>BURNLEY: And it says that
it was about flexibility
and that you have
been this person who
has been flexible in what you
could do because you are always
seeking new information.
And that was one of the
greatest benefits for--
for our humanity to be curious
enough to find different--
And the message said again, when
you don't-- when you think that
you know it all and you don't--
you close yourself off from new
information that could come.
And so your entire life
has been about bringing
in new information and
breaking down barriers.
And this is what we need.
So that's why it was so
incredibly important.
>>NOORY: Let's talk about
Wilhelm for a moment.
Recently, Wilhelm
spoke on the importance
of individual ascension process.
Let's take a look.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Too many of you-- we said
billions of people have
forgotten who they are and don't
know that they're connected
to source.
They're connected
to God, to Allah,
to whatever-- whatever idea you
have about the great beyond,
you're all connected and we've
given you something different.
We said that our
work was to combine,
to take you through your
personal development
because that's what
you have to do.
And then you have to do
a self-actualization.
That means moving through
that process of understanding
how important you are and
you can create the life
that you want to have or
you can do the career.
And that's about getting rid of
your-- your-- your-- your doubts
and building more in your--
your courage and building
more of your empowerment because
then you can see wait a minute,
this is what I'm supposed to do.
Now, imagine if more people are
doing that and they're happy
and they're not fighting
with one another.
Can't you see how that would
cause your planet to evolve?
And that's what we
told you would happen.
But you couldn't believe it.
But don't worry, because our
being couldn't believe it
either.
Even though we have taken him
through every single difficult
thing a human can experience.
And now he's sitting
here at 73 years old
and everything's healed.
And we've demonstrated
all of that.
And we've told you over--
over all these past
years because you
don't accept it all at once.
And he didn't either.
And we had him the other
day standing around dancing
like he was 30 years old again.
Well, we said 20,
but he didn't want
to give you so much that
you couldn't believe.
But that happened.
And this is from a person
who lost part of his foot
and thought he could
never walk again.
And now he's doing more
than he ever could.
You each have that ability,
but you just don't believe it.
That's all.
And so we've been
breaking it down.
Now, the difficulty
for him has been
that we have given him
so much over these years
that he couldn't understand it.
And we showed that as well.
We had him put out a video.
We've done it many times,
where we showed you
the cabinet that he had.
He sat down every
single day for 35 years
and wrote this information.
And then he saw it
happen in his life.
Now, and then he went
through every horrible thing,
even while he was receiving us.
But then that was
exactly the reason
that he was able to receive
something that-- so none of you
would have to do that.
You don't have to--
to suffer in that way.
And we've given you so many
messages to that regard.
And we said change
is inevitable.
It's going to change.
But suffering is optional.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Was that Wilhelm
speaking through you?
>>BURNLEY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Quite an individual.
Roger, tell us about Wilhelm.
>>BURNLEY: Wilhelm
is a collector--
It's-- it's just
cosmic consciousness.
And they said the
reason that they
use Wilhelm is because it
was connected to my life,
and I didn't figure
it out until later.
And I lived in Chicago.
I lived on a street
called Goethe.
That made no sense to me.
Goethe and Dearborn in Chicago--
and I didn't know
what that name meant.
I didn't even know how
to pronounce it, George.
And so I'm staring at that.
And then later on, I'm sitting
in this-- years later--
30 years later, I pick
up my phone and I see a--
this personality test-- a
result of a personality test--
Myers-Briggs, you know.
And it had the advocate there.
And I said, I didn't
take the test.
I had taken it before, but
I hadn't taken it recently.
So why is it sitting
there on my phone?
And I'm reading it and I
go, this sounds like me.
And then I look at--
they always give a quote of
who this reference and they use
Goethe.
And I said, I don't know
anything about Goethe.
Then years later--
and I kind of--
I take some me a while
to find these things.
And then I saw that Goethe
wrote Wilhelm Meister.
Yes--
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>BURNLEY: And he wrote
Wilhelm Meister the search
for self-actualization.
And so Wilhelm says, you're
all connected in intelligence,
and it happens over time.
And you just come
to understand it.
Every person who came before
brought in intelligence
you each will access it
if you're willing to.
And so they kept giving
me more and more names
of people that had given me
this information that could
have created this philosophy.
They said it's a philosophy.
They called it your life
operating instructions.
Because your world is going
a little-- little sideways so
you need a rebalancing.
And this is what
we've given you.
>>NOORY: What is
planetary ascension?
>>BURNLEY: It means
that when we understand
that all the energies
of our planet
operate in a particular way.
What they started
to reveal was that
when we start to
understand physics
in a different way and
energies and all of that,
but we as humans
are emitting energy.
And there will be a
quality at that energy.
Is it a lighter energy or
a lower vibrational type
of energy?
And then when you put
everybody together
and then you have a
mix, are you going
to put in more light or are you
going to put in more darkness?
And this is the
period that we've
moved-- we're moving through.
And they said whenever any
societal change happens,
which we've had many before--
like we can go back 100 years
and see something similar,
but then we make a choice
as to the type of world.
When I started doing
life channeling,
it was fascinating because
they used to say at the end--
because I never know
what's going to happen.
But they said, the world
that you want to see
is not guaranteed.
And what that means is that
the responsibility of the world
comes with each of us,
meaning we have to decide
we're going to become
our best selves.
We're going to move
through whatever what.
They started me with-- and
this is so fascinating,
people couldn't
understand this, but they
had me write an article in 2016
saying that I might be racist
with misogynistic tendencies.
>>NOORY: Jeez.
>>BURNLEY: People say-- people,
why are you writing this.
Because they said,
unless we all understand
that we have this
DNA that's connected
to all sorts of individuals
that we don't know--
I mean, we can do our DNA test
and see that very clearly.
And that's all
energetic connections.
And so we have to
decide that we're
going to rise to a higher
state of understanding.
They gave me one
message a while ago.
This was when I
started understanding
what was happening now.
And they said, your ancestors
are watching with curiosity,
meaning we have
ancestors that existed,
but they could do certain things
with the information, knowledge
and wisdom that they have.
But we're supposed to do more
because we have more now.
>>NOORY: Roger, the planet
seems to be changing a lot.
>>BURNLEY: Yes.
>>NOORY: For the
good, for the bad--
why?
>>BURNLEY: Because
their physical changes
that are happening that go
on all the time and pupils,
scientists and geologists
and all those folks,
I've never studied that.
I don't-- But there are these
changes that have happened
and people can go back
and study all of that.
But then we affect those
changes by the energy
that we're emitting
as well, and that's
the collective consciousness.
And then they said,
when you think
of this-- they would give me
things in increments, basically.
They said, when you think
of how you learn something,
you go to school and there's a
certain amount of information
you gain and then you graduate.
You go to the next
grade and then
you do that and
you keep doing it,
and that information is
implanted within you.
That's the individual.
But our civilization
does the same thing,
but we have to decide
what we want it to be.
>>NOORY: Why is there
so much turmoil, Rog?
>>BURNLEY: Because
people are resisting
understanding who they are.
I moved through.
This is why they
said they wanted
me to write that first
article, to talk about it,
to become honest
acknowledging that there
are certain things within me and
that history of myself that--
that are limiting--
that I don't know.
But they could
have been planted--
well, they're programmed.
We're all programmed.
>>NOORY: If you were to
write the article today,
would it be different?
>>BURNLEY: Oh, absolutely.
Because then what
started to happen is I--
I had a good friend who
would point this out to me.
I could walk into a room.
I could be in a huge place
filled with white people.
I would never
notice that, George.
I didn't notice that.
>>NOORY: I note.
>>BURNLEY: That I was the
only Black person there.
>>NOORY: I see people.
>>BURNLEY: Yeah, exactly.
That's exactly what I do.
I just see people.
And so that's the information
that I was meant to bring in.
And it was-- the reason
that was challenging is
because it was so avant-garde,
it was so different.
And like I said, I resisted it.
I called myself the reluctant
mystic many years ago
because I also wanted
to understand it
and I wanted to see the proof.
And the proof was
I started to heal.
When we moved through--
I mean, in different ways,
so many different ways.
It's not just physically,
it's emotionally,
it's mentally and spiritually.
That's the ascension process.
And we can reach these
levels because I've
had every kind of
illness, disease and all
of that throughout my life.
And I thought I was being
punished for some reason.
But it was most of it I was
resisting becoming myself.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Now you channeled
Wilhelm's perspective
on the current
planetary ascension.
Let's see what he has to say.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- Planetary ascension means
that you're all coming together
at a particular time in your
world, in your civilization,
on your planet, where the
energies that you each will emit
will cause an effect.
And so if you're putting any
lower vibrational energies,
then you're going
to have wars, you're
going to have things that are
going on that you don't like,
you're going to have hatred,
you're going to have anger,
you're going to-- all of that.
And then but if you decide
that you're going to shift
and you're going to let
go of all the old stuff
and you're going to
start to love yourself,
then you're going to start to
see a very different world.
And that's the transition
that you would move through.
Now, we call it a
planetary ascension
because there are
different times
throughout your civilization
where this occurs.
We've taken you back
through your history
because if you look
at your history,
we can take you back
thousands of years
and you can understand that
over time things change
and they change because
of the beings that
live during a particular
time that decide that they're
going to create something new.
And so that is what we
have done, because you
needed something different.
We said that your world was
going through a restructuring,
and the only difficulty
you would have
is not understanding
how to navigate it.
And we gave you a
path to navigate
it, which was a new philosophy.
And you said, well, why
would it be a new philosophy?
Because we said,
well, your world
isn't operating the way that
is conducive for sustaining
life and happiness.
And so many of you are
suffering because you
don't know who you are.
And so we've given you a plan.
So because if more of you
would understand who you were
and how important you were
and to start to live the lives
you were meant to
have, then your planet
would start to ascend as well.
But the only problem would
be you won't believe that.
And we told you last time.
We told you many, many times.
We said we have
given you everything
that could cause your life
to be magnificent and live
this glorious life.
And then you would create
this wonderful world.
And we said the only difficulty
would be wouldn't believe it.
Which is why we said that the
perfect place for us to deliver
this message now would
be "Beyond Belief."
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Perfect.
Great name.
What do you think of
Wilhelm when you do that?
>>BURNLEY: OK.
So let me tell you
how this happened.
I told you I was reluctant,
George, because I didn't know.
I didn't know that
was going to happen.
In 2021, it was just
becoming so apparent what
was happening in the world.
And I just--
I said, wait a minute.
I love the world too much.
I got-- we got to do something.
And I'm sitting on my
bed and Wilhelm saying,
you've got to start
channeling because I
didn't do live channeling.
I just only-- I was only
writing for all those years.
And so I said, OK, I'll do it.
And then when it started, I--
I started getting all
this other information.
But then when it
was revealed to me
that I was given this
information, I said,
that's not possible.
So I had to get
more verification.
And because I was given
the name as well, your life
operating instructions.
So I went to an Akashic.
I had two Akashic records
reading done that year in 2021.
The first woman I went to,
she sat there and she did it.
And then at the end
of it, she says,
I think I'm supposed
to be following you.
I said, OK.
Well, I didn't know
what that meant.
Then the second woman who did
it, she was really quite good.
And she's saying things
that I couldn't understand.
She says, listen, you
have this ancient past.
You were in Egypt.
You used to do this.
You used to-- you were
mummifying people.
Said all these things.
And I go, I have no memory
or understanding of that,
she says, but now
in this lifetime,
you're meant to open the
minds of individuals.
And then she starts to say--
she says, and you were given--
and she's trying
to find the word.
She said operating.
And when she said
that, I just lost it
because it was the verification
that what I had heard
was actually happening.
And then I started-- other
things started being revealed.
They said, you have
energetic changes that
happen at astrological times.
You know, planets
move and all of that.
And they said, if
you look, we gave you
messages on those
days that would
help you move through
those energy changes
because they affect us.
We don't always understand that.
And then I went back,
I didn't know this.
I go back and I start
looking at the dates and I--
then I could see it.
I've done-- as I sat there
and thought about it, I go,
I've probably written like
10,000 pages over all these
years of all this information.
They said, we've given
you an encyclopedia.
>>NOORY: You're remarkable.
Tell me about the
law of attraction.
>>BURNLEY: The law
of attraction is what
we use to navigate our lives.
People think of it as it's just
about having things come to you.
Not necessarily.
It's about having everything
come to you that's
going to help you evolve.
People think that,
well, if I'm practicing
the law of attraction,
I'm never going to suffer.
I'm never going to
have any difficulty.
No, you're going to
attract the things to you
that have been problematic.
So if you move
through that, you're
ascending to the next person
that-- you know, the next level
of who you're meant to become.
And so that was the difficulty,
I think, a lot of people
had with that.
Just we're just going
to sit and think
that we're just going
to-- everything's
going to come to us--
not understanding
that we have things within
us that might prevent it.
And it's all in
our consciousness
and our thinking that
has-- that we've either
accepted that we
learned in limitations
or that we inherited in
different ways as well.
So I started to move
through a lot of that.
>>NOORY: What do you
recommend to people
to tap into the
law of attraction?
>>BURNLEY: Well, it's just
to understand that what
comes to them is to help them.
I mean, if people could just
say, OK, whatever experiences--
whatever experience I'm
having it's because I'm
being guided to my best self.
And so we could call that
the law of attraction.
But if I'm willing to
move to that place,
even when I'm going
through difficult times
because I've been
through so much darkness,
so I do understand
it, but then you
start to understand
why you had it
because it was a part of
your evolutionary path.
>>NOORY: You had mentioned you
had every ailment known to man.
How do our emotions
and thoughts, take
care of our healing?
>>BURNLEY: I-- it's
different for everyone.
They gave me one message
in 2012 about healing
and they said, well, all healing
happens on the spiritual level.
So when we-- it's
not going to mean
that our physical
bodies necessarily
are going to heal
absolutely everything,
but we can heal so much.
I-- I suffered from cluster
headaches for decades.
>>NOORY: Migraines?
>>BURNLEY: They are
worse than migraines.
They're-- they're nicknamed the
suicide headache because you
can't do--
>>NOORY: Push you to the edge.
>>BURNLEY: Yes.
You-- I-- and there are many
times that I wanted to kill
myself because I couldn't--
>>NOORY: Just to rid
yourself of the pain?
>>BURNLEY: Yes, because
that-- that was easier.
And so I would bang
my head on the wall
because the pain
was so-- so intense.
And then at that
time, the first it
started in 1979, that was
the first ones that I had.
And then there were
no medications.
You couldn't take aspirin.
There were nothing that
existed at that time.
I do understand that they have
some things now that could help.
But then I did a search.
I said, but is there a cure.
And everyone says-- every
doctor says there's no cure.
I cured them.
>>NOORY: On your own?
>>BURNLEY: Yes, I had help.
Eckhart Tolle helped me.
He didn't know this--
in a different way.
Because when I read "The
Power of Now" and he said--
these may not be
the exact words,
but there was an idea
that he said there is
no pain in the moment of now.
And so I said, OK, let
me see if I can do this.
But when you're
having the headaches,
you know what's coming.
Because you've done it so
much and so-- here it comes.
And so let me get away from it.
That's what I'm trying to do.
But then I said, what if
I could just stay here?
What if I could
just remain present?
And so I just kept doing that.
And I would feel the
headache starting to come.
And I said, I'm just
going to stay here.
But then it would take over.
But I said, OK.
So I would go through it and
every time it would get less--
the pain would be less,
the duration would be less.
Because sometimes they
would last for hours or days
and then they were gone.
I mean, over time and
it was a practice of me
not running from myself.
>>NOORY: Is there anything
that's not incurable?
>>BURNLEY: That's
a good question,
because I'm finding
so much I don't know.
I think that we have to
think about possibilities.
I think everything is possible.
First of all, I grew up in--
my earliest days, I
grew up in a family.
My grandmother was a
Christian scientist.
And so that was the
religion that we
didn't do medications
or all that,
even though I had every illness.
But she was so devout.
I only saw her sick
one day in my life
and with a cold or something--
other than that, nothing.
But she would sit every
single day and study.
She was studying her Bible
and the science and health.
That was the book.
And so I said, there's
something there.
And one day I asked her, I said,
why am I suffering so much?
She says, you work to the
level of your understanding.
And that's when I started
to put that together,
understanding of
the consciousness
that we can develop.
And it all-- it's always
about us connecting
to who we are authentically.
>>NOORY: You have a lot
of people you've helped.
One was a person named Amritha.
>>BURNLEY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: We have her
talking about you.
>>BURNLEY: OK.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- The amount of encouragement
that Roger gave me was superb.
Like, I would call it like a
very, very transformational
experience for me
because the time
that I met Roger and
started taking his course
was actually a turning
point in my life
because it not just
led me into improving
my singing, but the other
programs that he had to offer,
which was, especially in
terms of the empowerment,
actually guided me towards
my life's purpose also.
So I owe a lot to
Roger in terms of that
because it's just that
one decision to join
his course that changed
my entire life's journey.
I've told this to Roger also.
I used to share whatever I
learned from him to my mother,
and she started
applying it to her life,
and she saw a huge difference
in her life as well.
So there-- I can't--
I feel like words are
less to actually express
my gratitude for the things
that I've learned from him.
Yeah, yeah.
- Why would you recommend
Roger Burnley as a coach?
- I--
- How is he different?
- He is different in
terms of his sincerity.
I would say like the--
I really like his sincerity
where he actually listens to you
and your problems and
guides you without you even
knowing that you are being
taken in a particular direction.
He doesn't compel you.
He doesn't ask you to do
something in a particular way.
He gives you the
freedom to become
your best version,
which is the best
thing that I like about Roger.
Yeah, he doesn't end--
- Guide you, right.
He shows you.
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, and always encouraging.
Like, even if you make
a mistake, he's there.
He keeps telling you, it's OK.
Come on, let's try it again.
So I really like the part where
he encourages and actually
keeps motivating you to--
until you reach your goal.
And it-- sometimes I've
also noticed that more
than us or more than the
person who's learning,
he takes extra effort in helping
them to get to their goal.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: Do you get that
kind of feedback a lot?
>>BURNLEY: Yes, and
that was years ago.
And so what she has done
now is even more amazing
because she's become an author.
She's a bestseller.
She's speaking and touring and--
>>NOORY: All because of you.
>>BURNLEY: I-- yes--
>>NOORY: You opened
up the door for her.
>>BURNLEY: That was it.
And that's what I want
people to understand.
I'm guiding.
I'm giving because I truly
believe that greatness
is within each
person, and they just
have to be given the
permission to access it
and the courage to
believe in themselves.
>>NOORY: What is given you,
Rog, the most fulfilling
personal gratitude?
>>BURNLEY: Seeing that--
seeing people like that.
Finally understand who they are
and do really amazing things
and change her-- and what she
said was so perfect because we
can have this ripple effect.
When she's talking about
giving things to her mother
and then seeing her mother
go off and do things as well,
that's the most
brilliant thing ever--
to take that and press it onto
others so that we continually
uplift everyone.
>>NOORY: Any disappointments?
>>BURNLEY: OK, that's
interesting, George.
The only disappointment--
and I don't
want to call it that because
it feels like a disappointment
or regret.
It's like, wait a minute--
because everybody would probably
feel this that I
didn't do it sooner.
That's all.
>>NOORY: All right.
Let's talk about Wilhelm.
Who was he?
>>BURNLEY: Wilhelm was--
OK.
When-- it's a collection.
They said the reason
that I was supposed
to do this is that they didn't
want me-- even when I channel,
they said, we don't
want people to think
that they have to be
channeling some archangel
or something different.
This was something
so much bigger.
This was for the collective.
They want everyone
to understand they
have access to infinite-- this
infinite intelligence and all
of that.
They just have to
do it in their way.
When I first started doing
meditation, for instance,
I put out a meditation course,
a while ago because I couldn't
do it like other people.
I couldn't-- I wasn't going
to sit in these positions.
I wasn't going to do all--
it didn't feel natural to me.
I wanted to do something
that felt right for me.
And so I finally found one
place in my home on a sofa--
I said, OK, this feels good.
I'm not going to be
in a Lotus position.
That's not who I
am because I want
to give other people
the permission
to access their authentic selves
in whatever way that shows up.
They don't have to go out
and do something different--
if it's not organic, if
it doesn't feel, you know,
natural for them.
>>NOORY: How do you
trance channel, Rog?
>>BURNLEY: I just hear.
It's-- the first writing
that I have saved is 1989,
and it said to me that I had
this immense power and I was
also afraid of it.
Because I thought that I was
going to use this ability that I
had to the detriment
of others, that I
would do something and
the ego oriented way.
And they said-- this is
Wilhelm talking to me.
And they said, and it's
exactly the opposite for you
because you give
away everything.
Says the more you
gain, you give away--
which is what I would
love for a lot of people.
But it took years for
me to accept that.
And so I just want everyone
to understand your journey
is there's timing
in everyone's life.
And it's always
the correct timing.
>>NOORY: Would you be able
to channel Wilhelm for us?
>>BURNLEY: Sure.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: Let's do it.
>>BURNLEY: OK.
(CHANNELING WILHELM VOICE)
>>WILHELM THROUGH
BURNLEY: Oh, George, we're
so happy you're here.
And we have waited for
you your entire life.
Now, we say this to
all of you whenever
we do this because we're
bringing you cosmic wisdom
and consciousness.
But we're doing it specifically
today because we wanted
to deliver this message to you,
because we gave you a message
on your birthday,
which was June 4th.
But we did it in 2012
because we wanted
you to understand the tremendous
difference that you were making
in the world that you've been
doing for years and years
by breaking down barriers
of what can be believed.
The problem with
humans as they come in,
they put up these barriers
of what is possible,
and even the things that
could be developed get limited
because you can't break
through the barriers.
And because you
have done this, you
have done such a great
service, especially
for the planet at this
time, because you're
going to move through things
where people are going
to be unwilling to move
from their positions,
and they're going to think
they know everything.
None of you know anything
because consciousness is always
evolving.
It's never done.
And you could go to
higher and higher places
if you decided to do that.
And so it's people
like you, George,
who are bringing in
greater information
and bringing all these beings
and who are delivering this
and putting out love and
light into the planet.
Do you have another question?
>>NOORY: Do you
always have access?
>>WILHELM THROUGH BURNLEY: Yes
>>NOORY: To Roger?
>>WILHELM THROUGH
BURNLEY: Yes, yes.
But we must say this.
He resisted.
Many of you do.
He can come into us
very quickly now.
But it took a while.
As he was about to say earlier,
we had to convince him in 2021
that he was going to start
doing live channeling.
And then it started to happen.
Now we will say, and if
anyone sees these videos,
because we want you
to understand energy,
when he finally broke down and
started to do the channeling,
there was so much
energy that we were
sending through
him that he would
just-- he would just sweat.
He was perspiring.
And it was just so difficult
for the very first sessions.
And then he started to accept
and then it became more natural.
And then it became more even.
And now he can access
whenever it is appropriate.
But it's always appropriate now
because of the movement that
is happening in
your world, which
is why we have moved him to take
it much larger because we're
trying to-- we wanted
him to take it to a much
larger audience where people
could understand that they can
let go of their
hatred, they can let
go of their doubt of
themselves and others
and start to find a higher
version of themselves.
And then you have a
very different planet.
>>NOORY: Wilhelm, thank
you for being here.
>>WILHELM THROUGH BURNLEY:
Thank you for having us.
>>BURNLEY: What happens is
when I'm connected to someone,
I started changing
things a bit though, too,
when I started channeling
and answering questions
because I don't want
to know the person.
This is what I do live
channeling because I just want
to connect to their energy.
I'm connecting to their
spirit, their source energy,
and that's what
I love doing now.
Because if I hear them or
know their voice or even
their gender, I don't want to
know that because this work is
supposed to be about bringing
people to the understanding
that all people are equal and
have this purpose in this world.
And so I don't want
to know gender.
I don't want to know ethnicity.
I don't-- none of that.
Just the essence of the soul.
>>NOORY: And you find that soul?
>>BURNLEY: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Have you ever found a
soul you didn't want to be with?
>>BURNLEY: No, no.
And that was-- now, there are
many people who will say that
I'm--
because it feels like my mission
was a little bit different.
Like, you know, you talk about
toxic people and all of that
and not hanging out with them.
But I was supposed
to see beyond that
because I was want to see the--
the purpose or the value
of even those folks.
Because see, what
happens is they
are just on a different
evolutionary path.
And so they are helping us.
So when I start to see someone
who is demonstrating something
that's of a lower vibration,
it causes me to light up more.
And so they're
serving that purpose.
Now, if their path is about
them reaching this higher
state of consciousness,
great, because they
may get some of that.
But I have to also recognize
that not everyone's going
to do that.
And I-- been a problem
for me because I think I
can just help everyone.
But now I've come up with
I'm doing it differently now.
I'm letting them
do it on their own.
So I don't have to
be that involved.
I tell people all the time
everything is available,
but you just have to want to
find who you are and succeed.
>>NOORY: Rog, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BURNLEY: Thank
you so much, George.
It was a thrill to be here.
>>NOORY: Just to be
in a room with him,
channeling Wilhelm is amazing.
Keep watching the
show, and you'll
see what I'm talking about.
Thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]